### 1. ONE SPEECH CAN CHANGE YOUR LIFE

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, what a special occasion.

Thank you very much for giving me this wonderful opportunity to talk about myself.

I consider it great honor to be invited to speak here.

I’ve been looking forward to this moment for a long time.

### 2.ONE SPEECH CAN CHANGE YOUR LIFE

My name is …

My English used to be very poor and I felt terrible about myself.

I had a very negative attitude towards life.

I even consider myself a total failture.

I had no goals, no dreams and no hope for my future. My life was really a disaster

### 3.ONE SPEECH CAN CHANGE YOUR LIFE

I learned that the purpose of life is to accept challenges and surpass my limits,

I also realize that I must care about others and live a life of service, I can’t just focus on myself.

I must try my best to contribute to society. The more people I help, the more successful I am

### 4.ONE SPEECH CAN CHANGE YOUR LIFE

Teacher Li Yang is a great example for me.

Even though his English is excellent, he keeps on studying and practicing seriously every day.

He takes education as his life and treats every student with great patience understanding and love.

He is a dedicated, tireless teacher and a role model for millions of Vietnam people.

My dream is follow in Teacher Li’s footsteps to help all Vietnam people

build up their confidence and live a meaningfull life

### 5.SUCCESS CHANT

I feel great to day.

I am happy. I love myself. I love people. People love me. I love English. English is super super easy.

I want to speak perfect English. Nothing can stop me.

I never stop when I am tire. I stop when I am done. I am champion. We are champions. I want to change my life