11.ROME WASN’T BUILT IN A DAY
Learning English is like building a house. Laying a strong foundation is the first and the most important step. In other words, you should read and speak English every day. Memorizing new words and phrases is also helpful. Like building a house. Learning English takes some time. So, don’t be impatient. Remember Rome wasn’t built in a day

12.MY WISHES
Ladies and gentlemen, I have many wishes. I wish people all over the world will love each other more. I wish people will stop wasting energy. I wish people will be less selfish. I wish people will share happy feelings more freely. And not keep their emotions shut up inside. I wish people cound find cures for cancer and aids. In short, I wish the world could be a better place. Thank you for letting me share all my wishes with you

13.I HAVE A GREAT MOTHER
I think she is the most thoughtful person in the world. When I am sad, she is the most sympathetic. When I am sick, she is the most concerned. When I am in troubles, she is the most helpful. In fact, she is the most dependable person in the world. She is the closest person to me. She is not only my mother, but also my best friend

14.THREE KEY POINTS OF SUCCESS
Everyone wants to be successul. Today, I would like to share three simple key points of success. Number one is: “Know what you are doing”. Number two is: “Love what you are doing”. Number three is: “Believe what you are doing”. If you follow these thress key points, success is easy to achieve

15.SPEAK SPEAK SPEAK
Never care about how poorly or how well you speak. Only care about catching the chances to speak. Never care about what other people think, only care about making progress. Enjoy losing face. Enjoy being laughed. Just forget about your face. Just forget about your fear.
The more you speak, the better your English will become. The more mistakes you make, the more progress you will make. You must enjoy making mistakes. You must enjoy speaking poor English. Speaking is the only thing that will lead towards success. Don’t give up, just try your best
Every time you move your mouth, your memory will deepen, your muscles will strengthen, your confidence will awaken. You will make it. You will do it. I totally believe in you.