16.HOW TO LEARN ENGLISH WELL
Ladies and gentlemen. Today, I’m going to talk about leaning English. There are many ways to learn English. You can learn English through singing. You can learn English through reading. You can learn English through listening, and you can learn English through writing. But the best way to leaning English through speaking and reciting as many sentences as possible. The more sentences you can blurt out, the better English you will speak

17.ENGLISH PRISON SPECIAL OATH
If you want to speak good English, you must enjoy losing face, you must enjoy making mistakes, you must enjoy speaking broken English, you must enjoy being laughed at, you must enjoy being a lonely hero. Good English speakers are the real treasure of our country

18.THE MOST POWERFUL SELF-TALK
I’m the luckiest person in the world because I’m still alive. I’m the most powerful person in the world because I believe in myself. I’m the most intelligent person in the world because I love learning. I’m the most energetic person in the world because I’m crazy about exercising. I’m the most attractive person in the world because I love myself. I’m the happies person in the world because I appreciate everything in life. I’m whatever I believe. I create my belief and my belief creates my wonderful life

19.NO MATTER HOW
No matter how difficult foolish is. I will keep on learning
No matter how bad my pronunciation is, I will keep on improving
No matter how terrible my memory is, I will keep on repeating
No matter how many people give up, I will keep on working hard
No matter how many people laugh at me, I will keep on practicing
No matter how many mistakes I make, I will keep on speaking
No matter how defeat I feel, I will keep on trying
No matter how many obstacles, I meet along the way, I will keep on striving until reach my goal

20.NEVER GIVE UP
I know you are going to make it. It may take time and hard work. It make take some sweat and tears. You may get frustated. You may become depressed. You may even feel hopeless. And at times you’ll feel like giving up. Sometimes you may even wonder if the struggle is really worth it. But I have confidence in you. I have faith in your ability and willpower. I believe you will surmount any difficulty know you will make it if you keep on trying. Whatever you do, just don’t give up. You will reach all your goals. Your dreams will come true. You will achieve great success. I understand you. I love you. I support you. You’re a hero. You’re a miracle. You’re a superstar. You’re totally unique. You’re the greatest person in the world. So, whatever you do, don’t give up
