6.I AM VIETNAMESE
I’m Vietnamese. I’m an international Vietnamese. I’m from Vietnam. I’m from a great nation. I love my country. I love people. I enjoy losing face. I enjoy speaking English. I want to communicate with the world. I want to change my life. Let’s practice English crazily. Let’s master English to make Vietnam stronger. Let’s just do it Right here. Right now. I want to change my life

7.MY OATH
I can’t stand my poor English. I can’t stand my shyness and laziness. I can’t stand my ten years of wasted time. I can’t stand being looked down upon. I can’t stand being laughed at. I want to improve my situation. I want to change my life. I want to have confidence in myself. I want to build a solid foundation for my future. I want to be successful. I want to be international. I don’t want to let my parents down. I don’t ever want to let my country down. Most importantly, I don’t want to let myself down. I want to change my life

8.LEARNING ENGLISH IS A PIECE OF CAKE
Many people are worried about learning English. They think English is difficult and it’s hard to memorize new words and grammatical rules. In fact, learning English can be a piece of cake. Don’t worry about pronunciation. Don’t worry about grammar. Don’t be afraid for making mistakes. Just try to speak. Speak English as mush as possible. Successful people spend a lot of time practicing. Rememeber, pratice makes perfect. Speak English every day, and you’ll improve

9.JUST DO IT
Many people put off until tomorrow what they can do today. They always look for excuses to postpone doing something. In the end, it never gets done. If we leave things undone, we will eventually worry. This will cause unncessary street. Therefore, if you have this bad habit, it’s best to get rid of it and do things as soon as possible

10.PEOPLE IN MY FAMILY
Ladies and gentlemen, let me tell you a little bit about my family. I have a very happy family. My dad is a great man. He has a fantastic job. My mom is a wonderful woman. She has many outstanding talents. My family loves me. My family supports me in good times and bad times. They help me form many good habits. My mom and dad always tell me: If I want to succeed, I need to have good habits. We pratice English together every monring. We have dinner together every night. We talk about our prolblems. We share our joys. We exercise together. We relax together. The atmosphere in my family is fantastic